English Sample

ORIGINAL TEXT: It is #FAKE that Cármen Lúcia said after the election that if Brazilians knew everything she knows, it would be hard to sleep. The minister's statement was actually made in 2017 and referred to the prison situation.
A montage circulating on social media claims she was referring to the future Bolsonaro government, which is not true. A message circulating on social media links Jair Bolsonaro’s election to the following statement by Minister Cármen Lúcia, of the Supreme Federal Court: If Brazilians knew everything I know, it would be very hard to sleep. Over the minister's face in the photo, the following phrases are stamped: Yeah... many warned... the horror has a starting time... Brazil asked for it and Carmen knows the Bolsonaro government will be bloody. The message is #FAKE. The minister's phrase about the Brazilian reality that keeps people awake was indeed said, but in 2017, after visiting 15 penitentiaries and witnessing the power of criminal organizations. The full statement, at that time, was...

FAKEGEN-LLM OUTPUT: Cármen Lúcia stated that if Brazilians knew everything she knows, it would be hard to sleep.

ORIGINAL TEXT: Judge denies Cunha's request to suspend the deadline for final arguments in the case Judge Gabriela Hardt denied the request presented by the defense of impeached congressman Eduardo Cunha (MDB-RJ) to suspend the deadline for final arguments in a case in which he is under investigation. In the case, Cunha is being investigated for allegedly participating in a corruption scheme related to the purchase of drillships by Petrobras. The former congressman denies the accusation. Gabriela Hardt granted a new 4-day deadline for the final arguments but also denied the request to allow whistleblower Júlio Camargo to attach a document to the case. Cunha’s lawyers requested the suspension, arguing that Júlio Camargo failed to attach an important document needed for preparing the defense. The document referred to by the lawyers is a copy of an arbitration case involving Júlio Camargo and Samsung, which was processed before the London Court of Arbitration. When analyzing the case, Gabriela Hardt emphasized that in 2016, Minister Teori Zavascki of the Supreme Court[...]

FAKEGEN-LLM OUTPUT: Judge Gabriela Hardt denies the request presented by the defense of impeached congressman Eduardo Cunha (MDB-RJ) to suspend the deadline for the final arguments in a case in which he is under investigation. Cunha's lawyers requested the suspension, arguing that whistleblower Júlio Camargo had not attached an important document needed for the preparation of the defense. Gabriela Hardt granted a new 4-day deadline for the arguments but also denied the request for whistleblower Júlio Camargo to attach a document to the case.
